Template updates (#447)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: _dropin-templates/dropin-containers.mdx

---
title: ContainerName container
description: Learn about the ContainerName container and configurations for the DROPIN_NAME drop-in component.
---

import OptionsTable from '@components/OptionsTable.astro';

The ContainerName container [describe what the container does]. You can customize it with slots, run separate instances, and it takes care of loading, errors, and real-time updates.

## Import

```javascript
import ContainerName from '@dropins/storefront-DROPIN_PACKAGE/containers/ContainerName.js';
```

## Configurations

The `ContainerName` container provides the following configuration options:

<OptionsTable
  compact
  options={[
    ['Option', 'Type', 'Req?', 'Description'],
    ['option1', 'string', 'No', 'Description of option1. Default: value.'],
    ['option2', 'function', 'No', 'Description of option2. Receives parameter.'],
    ['slots', 'object', 'No', 'Custom slot renderers for customization.'],
  ]}
/>

## Basic Usage

```javascript
// Basic container usage
await provider.render(ContainerName, {
  option1: 'value',
  option2: (param) => `/path/${param.property}`
})($container);

> // With scope for isolated instance

Reviewer: * if supported. Not all drop-ins have added (or will add) support to scoping.

Author: @fnhipster I'll just remove the code block.

await provider.render(ContainerName, {
  option1: 'value',
  scope: 'instance-name',
  option2: (param) => `/path/${param.property}`
})($container);

// With callback for custom handling
await provider.render(ContainerName, {
  option1: 'value',
  onCallback: (data) => {
    console.log('Received data:', data);
  }
})($container);
```

## Slots

> The `ContainerName` container supports several customization slots. For detailed information about available slots and their usage, see [DROPIN_NAME Slots](/dropins/DROPIN_PACKAGE/slots/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ContainerName` container may support customization slots. For detailed information about available slots and their usage, see [DROPIN_NAME Slots](/dropins/DROPIN_PACKAGE/slots/).
```
